lobster is a delicacy in the Western
world and they kind of resemble the
large tiger prawns that are found in
Asian countries prawns are a pretty
sought-after food in Bengali cuisine so
we wanted to bring the taste of the
Western world together with the flavors
of Bengal and since fresh live lobster
is so easily available here we decided
to put a spin on the traditional multi
Guddi
and cook it with lobster so for this
recipe we'll need two large lobsters cut
into halves and cleaned with the shell
on and we happen to by live lobsters
from our local grocery store 1
tablespoon of turmeric powder salt to
taste 4 tablespoons of mustard oil 1 dry
red chili 1 bay leaf 1 and 1/2 cups of
chopped onion 1 and 1/2 tablespoons of
chopped garlic 1 and 1/2 tablespoons of
chopped ginger 1 teaspoon of roasted
cumin powder 1/4 teaspoon of chili
powder or so to taste 2 cups of chopped
tomatoes 1 can of coconut milk 1/2 tsp
of Bengali garnish LA and 2 sliced green
chillies so the recipe has three main
steps
first you'll marinate the Queen de
lobster with salt and turmeric
then you'll saute the onions of the
spices and finally mix the spices with
the coconut milk and a lobster
placed cleaned and washed Lobster house
on a plate
then add one tablespoon of turmeric
powder one teaspoon of salt and then
marinate that and set that aside heat a
pan or a wok to medium heat
and then add about two tablespoons in
mustard oil let that oil heat up put the
marinade Lobster halves into the oil
and fry both sides until I pick up a
golden red coal
then remove that from the heat and set
it aside add two tablespoons of oil to
the same wok and heat that up
add the dry red chillies broken in half
the 1 bay leaf broken in half the
chopped onion stir
and fry that to the onion softens and
becomes translucent then add the chopped
garlic the chopped ginger stir that for
2 to 3 minutes add the roasted cumin
powder the chili powder the chopped
tomato
and about a teaspoon of salt and stir
that until the tomatoes mix with the
spices and becomes a thick paste then
add it to my pattern stir add a small
can of coconut milk wash the can of milk
out with some water and add that to the
mix stir that for a minute
add the fried lobster house back into
the mix
cover let the mixture come to a boil
remove the cover
and you're going to adjust the
consistency by adding water if you test
it for salt and add more if you need to
and if you added more water than you
need to bring it back to a boil at the
Bengali garm masala stir turn off the
heat and then garnish that with two
sliced green chillies and that's it for
the lobster curry it takes about 40 to
45 minutes and we like to serve it with
hot steamed wash free right
you